in the murky waters of the Irish Sea
lurks now so cute it's a baby seal all
right we are hollowed but across Ireland
120k whatever that is
before Safari Ireland closes we want to
go check out one more place
it's the new location of the citizens
who are in Ireland and lovely about an
hour so what you want
we'll be around some seals
the Irish seal sanctuary has been
helping seals for 25 years and last year
they we have lower 40 gray and harbor
seals the main reason seals will end up
here is they get injured from other
seals trying to protect their young and
from this little guy that's right dogs a
dog will sometimes attack Casillas
they're hanging out on the beach the
seals are brought here when they just
need a place full of good people
wouldn't take care of them until they
aren't good enough help to return back
to the sea I walked in and saw the row
of young seals that were about half the
weight they needed to be now a seals
milk has a high percentage of fat
because these guys know why or have
their mom people here at the sanctuary
have an important role to play with
making sure they get all the nutrients
and fat that they need as I looked
around I met Cecil whose a grey seal
these are usually large seals when they
are full-grown a male like this can
easily weigh over 300 kilograms or
that's well over 600 pounds for those of
us that still have and learn the metric
system look at those whiskers research
in the last ten years is shown that they
use these whiskers to locate the trail
in the water left behind the fish as
they're swimming along what a cool way
to hunt Zeus is also a gray seal seals
are protected in the UK in the US but in
recent times their surgeon populations
are being blamed for the loss of fish in
the ocean but if you look at all the
factors that way into the smaller fish
populations it's hard to come out
blaming the seal as a top reason for the
low amount slappy here is a harbor seal
they're also known as the common seal it
was fun to look in those cute eyes and
get a few pictures
a male like this can easily live over 20
years and grow to be six feet long and
weigh over 300 pounds seals are able to
go down a thousand feet sometimes and
look for food Billy fish and shrimp and
even at times some shorebirds they can
even stay underwater if they need you
for up to 30 minutes
seals will have an interesting future
but one thing's for sure as long as the
seal sanctuaries here they'll always
have hope Sabrina Ireland you see you
seal that needs help call the seal
sanctuary and support them in any way
you can
hope you enjoyed this edition of Safari
Ireland for more information on animals
in places you've seen just for your
description below the video and as
always thanks for watching